stroll through the streets of Strasbourg you see it by a big truck
beside
it's a girl who dreams of playing in one of her ports her sales in volume of
10 am to 12 pm
to predict if I feel that my neighbors
already dream of Christmas and his part watching a train being decorated place
who is mayor you did your website this morning again I
begins to
it's high time to think of gifts
synopsis that I propose to you this week I met m the gtt in
alsatian if jean-paul roux
a few weeks ago and he makes wooden toys I think it's
a great idea to come back to the wooden toys because she is a child
we will keep it for a long time alas maybe even keep it big and the
pass on to his children why daddy yes that still a little bit more
charm that plastic what
here and especially there is a story behind emissaries of jean-pol she
is very touching I met in her workshop batellier been looted she
gave an infirmary
the senate and people can easily months for Santa first to
house
if the dictators and finally the ministers
he was incarcerated since May but a little bit of poetry the young people present have
slowly progressed from one adventure to another sales prices
a phone call
the association
there is the respondent that is to say the children really play
and parents eagerness sole on other members
the object is a reason to be made I had a Parisian childhood so
the same guy the most on the street
Benoît the apartment
and I wait for holidaymakers year in Brittany in the family
react in a camp like in a farm there was nothing but
prisons the animals
the source and the symbols a lot like the one who does what and then it's a
monument the gambling it's a little bit in the bottom of myself are
the same
Poweo
will their children receive
the hundreds of toys
like a christmas to forget a single and quality that really suits me
so that's a bit of a bit the way today the sun
claude dubois but not anything either
it's because it's wood that it's necessarily for once through
our poor regions
something authentic grosbois household tight fist there was
the music is still there
for the children who come here for him
15 relief they have a representation
of the object that are in the hands high level and the person who created it
how parquet Sunday
he's gone and how is he created and why
so here we lead the raw material quoted lime trees
it is a sculpture wood the drawing is fine enough
and pretty tight
so we can easily the world
work it so I made a model no longer a little horse that
this model is made of plywood
Then I cut with a saw arrukban
lighter
yes there was a Christmas market in Strasbourg
more interesting now when we're not even going there anymore
since we have the impression that it is
for the moment it would need to renew a little bit
but I'm not a nostalgic
the choice made in the past but I think we need to build
in europe how things today
I'm not nostalgic that this time Valerie Police
but we still have to make sense the show is a very important figure
we forgive him not yet know the real star of the TV not had the
same success
he will take the time to realize today he will also be present at
Christmas market of his contract the week
other trump charm of the day j
back in this industry where we are all right he is proud of the piece
we're going to start the trick and toys we like to see clearly the
gives all the prices and aricie of toddlers civil initiated the year
last in the 58th to see her
beautiful rocking horse for 1 350 euros so it's not on the market
top of the range strasbourg that can be found on the other hand
order him pieces will then be awake will be maximum selestat
it is his wife who will hold the stands from December 3 to 23 to find her
but in the lower part, poorly balanced with many other craftsmen
in selestat but that's my favorite this week have never
go back to the top
to the good thing the two of agreement
a letter to the many faithful of paris
for caroline of many others how do you find all these characters there
and I have a magic hat
she is not beautiful life you will not have the info